Note for non-coders: you can sign up for the waitlist at [instagraph.ai](https://instagraph.ai).

# InstaGraph 🌐

Hello there, adventurous coder! Welcome to InstaGraph, your go-to application for converting text or URLs into insightful knowledge graphs. Curious about the relationships between entities in a complex topic? Feed the text to InstaGraph and voila! A beautiful knowledge graph is at your fingertips.

See example flowcharts generated by InstaGraph [here](https://twitter.com/yoheinakajima/status/1701351068817301922).

Powered by OpenAI's GPT-3.5, this Flask application turns your text into a vividly colored graph, making it easier to visualize relationships between various entities. Enough talking—let's get started!

***Author's TL;DR**: If you're just looking for how the knowledge graph is generated, check out the function call parameters taking up half of main.py.*

## Table of Contents 📚

- [Features](#features-)
- [Installation](#installation-)
- [Usage](#usage-)
- [Contributing](#contributing-)
- [License](#license-)

## Features 🌟

- Dynamic Text to Graph conversion.
- Color-coded graph nodes and edges.
- Responsive design—use it on any device.
- Super-duper user-friendly!

## Installation 🛠️

To get started, you'll need Python and pip installed.

#### 1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yoheinakajima/instagraph.git
```
#### 2. Navigate to the project directory
```bash
cd instagraph
```
#### 3. Install the required Python packages
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
#### 4. Set up your OpenAI API Key
Change .env.example to .env
''' bash
    mv .env.example .env
'''
Add your OpenAI API key to .env file:
```bash
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-api-key-here
```
#### 5. Run the Flask app
```bash
python main.py
```
   Navigate to `http://localhost:8080` to see your app running.

## Usage 🎉

### Web Interface

- Open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:8080`.
- Type your text or paste a URL in the input box.
- Click "Submit" and wait for the magic to happen!

### API Endpoints

1. **GET Response Data**: `/get_response_data`

    - Method: `POST`
    - Data Params: `{"user_input": "Your text here"}`
    - Response: GPT-3.5 processed data

2. **GET Graph Data**: `/get_graph_data`

    - Method: `POST`
    - Response: Graph Data

## Contributing 🤝

Best way to chat with me is on Twitter at [https://twitter.com/yoheinakajima](@yoheinakajima). I usually only code on the weekends or at night, and in pretty small chunks. I have lots ideas on what I want to add here, but obviously this would move faster with everyone. Not sure I can manage Github well given my time constraints, so please reach out if you want to help me run the Github. Now, here are a few ideas on what I think we should add based on comments...
- ~~Store knowlege graph~~ (thx @tomasonjo! 9/13/23)
- ~~Pull knowledge graph from storage~~ (thx @tomasonjo! 9/13/23)
- Show history
- Ability to combine two graphs 
- Ability to combine 2+ graphs from history
- ~~Ability to expand on a graph~~ (thx @tomasonjo! 9/13/23)
- Ability to expand on graph from specific nodes
- Fuzzy matching of nodes for combining graphs (vector match + LLM confirmation)

There are a lot of "build a chart" tools out there, so instead of doing user account and custom charts, it sounds more fun for me to work on building the largest knowlege graph ever...

## License 📝

MIT License. See [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for more information.

---

Enjoy using InstaGraph! 🎉
